# Api28offloadsS3

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccessKeyId** | **string** | The access key ID of the AWS account used to create a connection between the array and an Amazon S3 offload target. The access key ID is 20 characters in length and is only accepted when creating the connection between the array and the S3 offload target. The &#x60;access_key_id&#x60;, &#x60;secret_access_key&#x60;, and &#x60;bucket&#x60; parameters must be set together. | [optional] [default to null]
**Bucket** | **string** | The name of the Amazon S3 bucket to where the data will be offloaded. Grant basic read and write ACL permissions to the bucket, and enable default (server-side) encryption for the bucket. Also verify that the bucket is empty of all objects and does not have any lifecycle policies. The &#x60;access_key_id&#x60;, &#x60;secret_access_key&#x60;, and &#x60;bucket&#x60; parameters must be set together. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlacementStrategy** | **string** | The storage placement strategy used for the dynamic placement of data in an Amazon S3 offload target. Valid values are &#x60;aws-intelligent-tiering&#x60;, &#x60;aws-standard-class&#x60;, and &#x60;retention-based&#x60;. If set to &#x60;aws-intelligent-tiering&#x60;, data is stored in the Amazon S3 INTELLIGENT_TIERING storage class regardless of the retention period. If set to &#x60;aws-standard-access&#x60;, the data is stored in the Amazon S3 STANDARD storage class regardless of the retention period. If set to &#x60;retention-based&#x60;, the data for protection groups with longer retention periods is placed in the Amazon S3 STANDARD_IA (infrequently accessed, more cost-effective) storage class. All other data is placed in the STANDARD storage class. When the array is initially connected to an S3 offload target, &#x60;placement_strategy&#x60; is automatically set to &#x60;retention-based&#x60;. The &#x60;placement_strategy&#x60; and &#x60;uri&#x60; parameters cannot be set together. | [optional] [default to null]
**SecretAccessKey** | **string** | The secret access key that goes with the access key ID (&#x60;access_key_id&#x60;) of the AWS account. The secret access key is 40 characters in length is only accepted when creating the connection between the array and the S3 offload target. The &#x60;access_key_id&#x60;, &#x60;secret_access_key&#x60;, and &#x60;bucket&#x60; parameters must be set together. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uri** | **string** | The URI used to create a connection between the array and a non-AWS S3 offload target. Storage placement strategies are not supported for non-AWS S3 offload targets. Both the HTTP and HTTPS protocols are allowed. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

