# Model10TokenBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**GrantType** | **string** | The method by which the access token will be obtained. The Pure Storage REST API supports the OAuth 2.0 \&quot;token exchange\&quot; grant type, which indicates that a token exchange is being performed. Set &#x60;grant_type&#x60; to &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange&#x60;. | [default to urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange]
**SubjectToken** | **string** | An encoded security ID Token representing the identity of the party on behalf of whom the request is being made. The token must be issued by a trusted identity provider which must be either a registered application in Pure1 or an enabled API client on the array. The token must be a JSON Web Token and must contain the following claims: &gt; | JWT claim | Location | API Client Field | Description | Required By | &gt; |-|-|-|-|-| &gt; | kid | Header | key_id | Key ID of the API client that issues the identity token. | FlashArray and FlashBlade only. | &gt; | aud | Payload | id | Client ID of the API client that issues the identity token. | FlashArray and FlashBlade only. | &gt; | sub | Payload | | Login name of the array user for whom the token should be issued. This must be a valid user in the system. | FlashArray and FlashBlade only. | &gt; | iss | Payload | issuer | Application ID for the Pure1 or API client&#x27;s trusted identity issuer on the array. | All products. | &gt; | iat | Payload | | Timestamp of when the identity token was issued. Measured in milliseconds since the UNIX epoch. | All products. | &gt; | exp | Payload | | Timestamp of when the identity token will expire. Measured in milliseconds since the UNIX epoch. | All products. |  Each token must also be signed with the private key that is paired with the API client&#x27;s public key. | [default to null]
**SubjectTokenType** | **string** | An identifier that indicates the type of security token specifed in the &#x60;subject_token&#x60; parameter. The Pure Storage REST API supports the JSON Web Token (JWT) as the means for requesting the access token. Set &#x60;subject_token_type&#x60; to &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:jwt&#x60;. | [default to urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:jwt]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

