# Volume

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | A globally unique, system-generated ID. The ID cannot be modified and cannot refer to another resource. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | A user-specified name. The name must be locally unique and can be changed. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConnectionCount** | **int64** | The total number of hosts and host groups connected to the volume. | [optional] [default to null]
**Created** | **int64** | The volume creation time. Measured in milliseconds since the UNIX epoch. | [optional] [default to null]
**Destroyed** | **bool** | Returns a value of &#x60;true&#x60; if the volume has been destroyed and is pending eradication. The &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; value displays the amount of time left until the destroyed volume is permanently eradicated. Before the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the destroyed volume can be recovered by setting &#x60;destroyed&#x3D;false&#x60;. Once the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the volume is permanently eradicated and can no longer be recovered. | [optional] [default to null]
**HostEncryptionKeyStatus** | **string** | The host encryption key status for this volume. Possible values include &#x60;none&#x60;, &#x60;detected&#x60;, and &#x60;fetched&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Provisioned** | **int64** | The virtual size of the volume. Measured in bytes and must be a multiple of 512. | [optional] [default to null]
**Qos** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Displays QoS limit information. | [optional] [default to null]
**Serial** | **string** | A globally unique serial number generated by the system when the volume is created. | [optional] [default to null]
**Space** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Displays size and space consumption information. | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeRemaining** | **int64** | The amount of time left until the destroyed volume is permanently eradicated. Measured in milliseconds. Before the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the destroyed volume can be recovered by setting &#x60;destroyed&#x3D;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Pod** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | A reference to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**Source** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | A reference to the originating volume as a result of a volume copy. | [optional] [default to null]
**Subtype** | **string** | The type of volume. Valid values are &#x60;protocol_endpoint&#x60; and &#x60;regular&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**VolumeGroup** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | A reference to the volume group. | [optional] [default to null]
**RequestedPromotionState** | **string** | Valid values are &#x60;promoted&#x60; and &#x60;demoted&#x60;. Patch &#x60;requested_promotion_state&#x60; to &#x60;demoted&#x60; to demote the volume so that the volume stops accepting write requests. Patch &#x60;requested_promotion_state&#x60; to &#x60;promoted&#x60; to promote the volume so that the volume starts accepting write requests. | [optional] [default to null]
**PromotionStatus** | **string** | Current promotion status of a volume. Valid values are &#x60;promoted&#x60; and &#x60;demoted&#x60;. A status of &#x60;promoted&#x60; indicates that the volume has been promoted and can accept write requests from hosts. This is the default status for a volume when it is created. A status of &#x60;demoted&#x60; indicates that the volume has been demoted and no longer accepts write requests. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

