# Api28policiessnapshotrulesRules

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**At** | **int64** | Specifies the number of milliseconds since midnight at which to take a snapshot. The &#x60;at&#x60; value can only be set to an hour and must be between 0 and 82800000, inclusive. The &#x60;at&#x60; value can only be set on the rule with the smallest &#x60;every&#x60; value. The &#x60;at&#x60; value cannot be set if the &#x60;every&#x60; value is not measured in days. The &#x60;at&#x60; value can only be set for at most one rule in the same policy. | [optional] [default to null]
**ClientName** | **string** | The snapshot client name. A full snapshot name is constructed in the form of &#x60;DIR.CLIENT_NAME.SUFFIX&#x60; where &#x60;DIR&#x60; is the managed directory name, &#x60;CLIENT_NAME&#x60; is the snapshot client name, and &#x60;SUFFIX&#x60; is a monotonically increasing number generated by the system. The client visible snapshot name is &#x60;CLIENT_NAME.SUFFIX&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Every** | **int64** | Specifies the interval between snapshots, in milliseconds. The &#x60;every&#x60; value for all rules must be multiples of one another. The &#x60;every&#x60; value must be unique for each rule in the same policy. The &#x60;every&#x60; value must be between 5 minutes and 1 year. | [optional] [default to null]
**KeepFor** | **int64** | Specifies the period that snapshots are retained before they are eradicated, in milliseconds. The &#x60;keep_for&#x60; value cannot be less than the &#x60;every&#x60; value of the rule. The &#x60;keep_for&#x60; value must be unique for each rule in the same policy. The &#x60;keep_for&#x60; value must be between 5 minutes and 1 year. The &#x60;keep_for&#x60; value cannot be less than the &#x60;keep_for&#x60; value of any rule in the same policy with a smaller &#x60;every&#x60; value. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

