# Pod

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | A globally unique, system-generated ID. The ID cannot be modified and cannot refer to another resource. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | A user-specified name. The name must be locally unique and can be changed. | [optional] [default to null]
**Arrays** | [**[]Object**](.md) | A list of arrays over which the pod is stretched. If there are two or more arrays in the stretched pod, all data in the pod is synchronously replicated between all of the arrays within the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**Destroyed** | **bool** | Returns a value of &#x60;true&#x60; if the pod has been destroyed and is pending eradication. The &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; value displays the amount of time left until the destroyed pod is permanently eradicated. Before the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the destroyed pod can be recovered by setting &#x60;destroyed&#x3D;false&#x60;. Once the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the pod is permanently eradicated and can no longer be recovered. | [optional] [default to null]
**FailoverPreferences** | [**[]interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Determines which array within a stretched pod should be given priority to stay online should the arrays ever lose contact with each other. The current array and any peer arrays that are connected to the current array for synchronous replication can be added to a pod for failover preference. By default, &#x60;failover_preferences&#x3D;null&#x60;, meaning no arrays have been configured for failover preference. | [optional] [default to null]
**Footprint** | **int64** | The maximum amount of physical space the pod would take up on any array, ignoring any data shared outside the pod. Measured in bytes. The footprint metric is mostly used for capacity planning. | [optional] [default to null]
**Mediator** | **string** | The URL of the mediator for the pod. By default, the Pure1 Cloud Mediator (&#x60;purestorage&#x60;) serves as the mediator. | [optional] [default to null]
**MediatorVersion** | **string** | The mediator version. | [optional] [default to null]
**Source** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) | The source pod from where data is cloned to create the new pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**Space** | [***Object**](.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeRemaining** | **int64** | The amount of time left until the destroyed pod is permanently eradicated. Measured in milliseconds. Before the &#x60;time_remaining&#x60; period has elapsed, the destroyed pod can be recovered by setting &#x60;destroyed&#x3D;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RequestedPromotionState** | **string** | Valid values are &#x60;promoted&#x60; and &#x60;demoted&#x60;. Patch &#x60;requested_promotion_state&#x60; to &#x60;demoted&#x60; to demote the pod so that it can be used as a link target for continuous replication between pods. Demoted pods do not accept write requests, and a destroyed version of the pod with &#x60;undo-demote&#x60; appended to the pod name is created on the array with the state of the pod when it was in the promoted state. Patch &#x60;requested_promotion_state&#x60; to &#x60;promoted&#x60; to start the process of promoting the pod. The &#x60;promotion_status&#x60; indicates when the pod has been successfully promoted. Promoted pods stop incorporating replicated data from the source pod and start accepting write requests. The replication process does not stop as the source pod continues replicating data to the pod. The space consumed by the unique replicated data is tracked by the &#x60;space.journal&#x60; field of the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**PromotionStatus** | **string** | Current promotion status of a pod. Valid values are &#x60;promoted&#x60;, &#x60;demoted&#x60;, and &#x60;promoting&#x60;. The &#x60;promoted&#x60; status indicates that the pod has been promoted. The pod takes writes from hosts instead of incorporating replicated data. This is the default mode for a pod when it is created. The &#x60;demoted&#x60; status indicates that the pod has been demoted. The pod does not accept write requests and is ready to be used as a link target. The &#x60;promoting&#x60; status indicates that the pod is in an intermediate status between &#x60;demoted&#x60; and &#x60;promoted&#x60; while the promotion process is taking place. | [optional] [default to null]
**LinkSourceCount** | **int32** | Number of source pods that link to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**LinkTargetCount** | **int32** | Number of target pods that link to the pod. | [optional] [default to null]
**ArrayCount** | **int32** | Number of arrays to which this pod connects. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

